Welcome to Tech Everywhere Guys, I
welcome you all to Tech Everyji channel, if you think today's
video will be very interesting and helpful
for you then
please watch the video completely
and if you come to the channel for the first time then please
subscribe to the channel and also like it
and you should definitely share it with your friends
because this can happen to you
too, so please request you to please
watch the video completely, let's start the
video,
in today's video I am going to tell you that
I had taken insurance only once from an insurance company
whose name is ICC
Lombard, I had taken insurance from this company,
then on the 24th of February 2023,
I got my policy
renewed and after that, after
a few days, unfortunately I had an
accident due to which my
car had suffered a lot of damages,
now the problem was that on 24th
of February, 2023, my accident happened in the
evening and my policy had started,
24th of February, 2023, at night, okay  So
this is all the things, after this we get the
insurance claim done,
we take insurance whose
premium we pay in full
but this premium is paid on tube, whatever it is, it is
power, nature, anything we can do
and the next thing is power, so what we do is that for our safety, we
take a policy by blocking a premium number so that it can also be reduced in the future, so what
I did was this and I
thought that my insurance policy has
ended, so I renewed the policy
and unfortunately on this day I met with an accident in the
evening, so I filed
my claim with the ICC Lombard
team, okay, so because of which they have
arranged the claim,
I have even got the claim number, but
I did all this, right on the 24th to 25th in the
morning, I told them everything that happened,
what happened to me,
after explaining everything, I
gave my car to the garage on the morning of the 25th for
repair as they had
told the process ICC
I followed the same process as Lombard's team, now
what did they do, they rejected my claim
after some time, now
how did they reject it, see that guy who was the server did
not even survey it
because his team itself told me this on 10th
March, till then they repeated the same thing again and again,
Sir, if you have
not given the car in the garage, then how will the survey be done,
here we have your updated
status, it is the current status, is your car
not present in the garage yet, for which
I have proof, meaning when was my car
given in the garage, at what time,
okay, now when the car is
not found with the server, it is not given in the garage, then
how can the server do the survey, the
first question was this, okay, then they
say that it is not done, it is done, then
how did they do it, when you people
cannot give two statements, you people are
talking in between, sir, your car has not been given till 10th,
and in the morning they say, sir, we did
your survey on 3-4th itself, when the
car has not even reached you  So the surveyor
said that the survey has been done, how can you say both these things,
I have some doubt here that there must be
some problem with these things, okay, this has
also been discussed, now that it has been rejected, it is okay,
I asked what is the reason for rejection, for
what reason did you people
reject my claim, why did you
reject it, then they told that sir, because the
start date of your policy and the
date of your accident are both from the same date,
we will not proceed with your claim,
we have not rejected it, so I
told them one thing, sir, when I had taken insurance from your team
ICC Lambert for a
motor vehicle, your team itself had
told me everything, of which I have a
record, there is an audio file,
they themselves had said this thing that sir, if
you have an accident on the same
day, in fact, I am not even saying that on the
day I had an accident on the bike or that day,
my policies were supposed to start,
but your team itself said this thing that
when you buy the policy now,
your insurance starts from that time itself.
Your team itself has said this and
I have a recorded audio file of this thing,
okay, so I said okay, then I kept on
following up for quite some time, but no
one from the team here was giving
me the satisfaction
that I wanted, because I had paid a premium for this, so all this was done,
now I said what should I do now,
then they asked me to get Gravis Grate made, so
I said okay sir, I
went to their website, mailed them, saying that sir, I am
also trying the code to create your gravel,
but it is not working, then I
even sent him an email with a screenshot, saying that the mail is
good, I have mailed you, there was no
response on the mail, so tomorrow
I thought what should I do, so I
took help from YouTube and found out that
IRDA, which is our government company, keeps an eye on these
policies and all the insurance companies,
so my complete
report is ready, it has been processed,
now from their side I
told them everything again, if you
need evidence, then evidence  I had an
accident on that day, I
went to the doctor, I have the receipt for that, along with that
I have a photo of my bike from the 23rd
and I also have an
image of the injury I got on the 24th.
Now if you try to ask for this thing as evidence that
sir
tell me the video of the place where you had the accident, then brother you people are
requesting that you should take permission from RTO for this and use the
phone while travelling, so from
next time I will keep my phone
with me, first get the approval for this,
then they will ask any such nonsense like question,
okay then this is not possible, so
as far as I have it, I have
completed all the formalities with them with all my papers etc. but till now I have
not received any response from them,
they have told me to
please wait till the 29th FB and whatever
response will be there, we will listen to you,
sorry, we will not listen to you, we will respond to you  They are
not ready to listen to the customer, so I request
you that this is my conclusion behind making this video that
if something happens to you due to gas incident then
I will say that
brother, do not give the car to the garage because
if we tell the truth then these people
keep this matter here, that is, the day the
incident really happened, we have
requested the truth, we have complained about the truth, so we have
no need to be afraid at all,
now let's see what we do, ICC
Lambert company which has done a lot of
fraud, that is, first it says something else and
then it does not give anything, so
you people should keep this thing in mind, so
I will make another video on this that
how much help they are providing
or not, whether they have given the claim
or not, I will
make a video on this also and I will definitely share it so that you
people also agree with this thing that in future brother,
if we have to take insurance from Lambert, then is it the
right company or not, so now this  Only
FB will know on 29th, you will
also know on 29th March, so let's see what the
company does for us, does it really pay
us for the premium that we have paid or is it not
able to pay, then you will see, I am not
saying that right now I am not saying
that ICC is committing fraud, I just
want to say that this can become a fraud,
if these
people have not penned me despite my true complaint, then this can become a
fraud, so let's wait on 29th
of March
[Music]